add version 2.2 support for modifying language and type information (#20522)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/service_catalog/_index.md

Some integrations alias to types. For example, Postgres, MySQL, and Cassandra map to the type "DB". Redis and Memcache integrations map to the type "Cache".

### Updating service type and language

> With [Service Catalog Metadata Schema 2.2][25], you can specify type and language for user-defined services or overwrite auto-detected type and language for instrumented services to help other teams further understand what your services do and how to interact with it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [Service Catalog metadata schema 2.2][25], you can specify the type and language for user-defined services or overwrite the auto-detected type and language for instrumented services. Correctly label the service type and language to help other teams further understand what your services do and how to interact with them. 
```
